
How to set up your Metamask account?
 
Step 1: Get a Chrome account because Metamask is a Chrome extension. 

Step 2: In your browser, type: “metamask.io”. Click the Download button. 


Step 3: After downloading, this crypto wallet will allow you to manage transactions in the Etherium network. 

Step 4: Choose the sepolia which is a test network. (In settings, set ON the test networks to enable this feature)

Step 5: To put some Eth in your account, go to https://sepoliafaucet.com/ and sign up your Metamask account.
 
Step 6: While in the Sepolia network, an initial amount of P0.5 Eth will be shown in your account.
 
Step 7: You may try to send to your co-trainee some Eth by clicking the Send button, some “Gas fee” 
Will also be deducted from your Eth amount. However, this is very very minimal. 

Step 8: After sending the Eth amount, you would see that it has been deducted from your wallet. 



How to set up a Git account? 

Step 1: Search for: git-scm.com

Step 2: Click downloads. You need to choose the OS that you are currently using depending also on 
your hardware. 

Step 3: To check on your version, key in git in your search bar (e.g. files). If successful, it will return: 

"Git for Windows 2.40.0 is currently installed."


Right now, you are good to go! Here are the commands that you need to get familiar with:

git init - from the word "init" - this means to initialize the new Git repository, or just to set it up. 

git add - this is to add the file that you wish to upload

git status - this command would show if there are changes

git branch - this would show the branches (or file) that you are managing from your end

git pull - when you are a part of a team, this would update their leader who controls the main branch that you would like to commit the updates from your end

git commit -m "update" - this is to show that you would like to commit the file from your end to be added to the main branch.

git push - this updates the Git repository with the file (called a commit) made from your end. 
When the leader (who is handling the main branch now merges your branch) so that the updates would now be reflected in the main branch. 












